chore: update Python runtime and AWS CDK (#38)
NASA-IMPACT/hls-sentinel2-downloader-serverless: README.md

To develop on this project, you should install:

> * NVM [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) / Node 18

Reviewer: Weeeew 6 node versions!

**`make format`**

> > This will perform a run of `isort` and `black`, this **will** modify files if issues were found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This will perform a run of `ruff`, this **will** modify files if issues were found
```

Reviewer: (Same applies to the lint one above this too)

Author: Nice catch, thanks!!
